welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about silver linings
playbook after eight months treatment in
a mental health facility for bipolar
disorder
Patrizio Pat solatano jr. Bradley Cooper
is released into the care of his father
Patrizio senior Robert DeNiro and mother
Delores Jackie River at his childhood
home in Upper Darby Pennsylvania his
main focus has to reconcile with his
ex-wife nikki Brea B
she has moved away and obtained a
restraining order against him after Pat
found her in the shower with another man
and badly beat him during his time in
the clinic Pat befriends Danny McDaniels
Chris Tucker
an easygoing man who is embroiled in a
legal dispute with the clinic on whether
or not he is eligible to leave Pat's
therapist dr patel anupam kher does his
best to convince him to keep taking his
medication as a repeat of his violent
outbursts might send him back to the
clinic but Pat tells him that he has a
new outlook on life he attempts to see
the good or silver linings in all that
he experiences
Patrizio employs the latin phrase
excelsior translated as always higher or
ever upward as the mantra of his new
optimistic outlook at dinner with his
friend Ronnie John Ortiz and Ronnie's
wife Veronica Julia Stiles Pat meets
Veronica's sister Tiffany Maxwell
Jennifer Lawrence a young widow with an
unnamed disorder they connect over
dinner talking about different drugs
they have taken to manage their mental
illnesses sparks fly between Pat and
Tiffany and she tries to connect by
offering casual sex but Pat keeps
focusing on getting Nikki back
Tiffany tries to get closer to Pat and
even offers to deliver a letter to Nikki
if in return he will practice dancing
which she does as a therapy with her and
partner with her in an upcoming dance
competition
he reluctantly agrees and the two begin
a rigorous practice regimen over the
following weeks even Danny comes to help
but when he does Pat starts to get
jealous of Tiffany and shows her a bit
of affection but tries to push it away
Pat believes that competition will be a
good way to show Nikki that he has
changed and become a better person the
elder Patricio hopes to open his own
restaurant and has resorted to illegal
bookmaking having bet virtually all of
his money on the outcome of a
Philadelphia Eagles game he asks Pat to
attend as a good luck charm Pat asks
Tiffany for time off from practice to
attend the game she gives him a typed
reply from Nikki in which she cautiously
hints there may be a chance for
reconciliation between them before he
gets into the stadium Pat and his
brother Jake get involved in a fight
when some racist fans harassed a group
of Indian fans there which happened to
include his therapist Dr Patel and has
hauled away by the police the Eagles
lose the game and Patricio is furious
Tiffany shows up at their house and
points out that the way she is reading
the signs Philadelphia teams do better
when she and Pat are together convinced
Patricio makes a parlay with his
gambling friend Randy if the Eagles win
their next game and Tiffany impacts
score five out of ten in their dance
competition he will win back double the
money he lost on the first bet Pat is
reluctant and Tiffany Dolores and
Patricio conspired to persuade Pat to
dance in the competition by telling him
that Nikki will be there it is revealed
that his parents have secretly supported
Tiffany's attempts to get along with him
Pat notices that the letter from Nikki
also refers to reading the signs and
realizes that Tiffany wrote it Tiffany
Pat and their friends and family arrive
at the competition on the night of the
football game
Tiffany despairs when she finds that
Nikki actually is in
audience invited by Ronnie and Veronica
who want Nikki to lift her restraining
order on Pat and gift had the chance to
reconcile with her
Tiffany walks to the bar and starts
drinking Pat finds her moments before
their dance and drags her unto the dance
floor they begin their routine as the
Eagles defeat the Dallas Cowboys at the
conclusion of their set Tiffany and
packed receive an average score of
exactly 5.0 points amid cheers from
friends and family and confused looks
from the crowd
Pat approaches Nikki and speaks quietly
into her ear tiffany sees this and runs
off Pat leaves Nikki behind after a
short conversation and chases Tiffany
she hands her a letter in which he
admits that he knows she forged Nikki's
letter and confesses that he loved her
from the moment he met her though it
took him so long to come to terms with
it they share a kiss Patricio opens a
restaurant with the money he has won
Danny grows even closer to the so
Latinos and Pat and Tiffany begin a
relationship no longer wearing their
wedding rings thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
[Music]